# The Assassin Guild (T.A.G)
This React.js web application helps control an Assassin-style game called T.A.G. In this game, players are given another player as a target. It is then their objective to stealthily eliminate that player by an agreed upon means (such as squirting them with water). This website has the ability to create games, assign targets, along with many other features. Below is a basic walkthrough of the site and the technologies used to create it. If you're looking for the actual hosted website, the beta version is located [HERE](https://watertagtest.firebaseapp.com/)

## The Site
The website is fairly straightforward. Users are taken to a login page where they can enter their credentials or navigate to a sign up page to create an account. They are then taken to a dashboard page with all the information on their game stats as well as functionality to join and create games. When a player has created a game (and as such is admin over that game) they will be able to navigate to an admin interface that gives them control over beginning and ending the game, shuffling players, etc. [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) was used to streamline development.

## Firebase Integration
Google's NoSQL database and hosting solution called [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) was used for user authentication, data storage, and cloud functionality. Firebase's Realtime Database allows for the quick and efficient reading/writing of user and game data, which is vital for an effective game of T.A.G. Cloud Functions provide a way to run games from the cloud without the need for a live server by using database triggers as well as scheduled events. Functions are contained in functions/index.js.

## GroupMe
Each day, fallen players must be announced to the group so as to give them an update on the game's progress. Announcements such as this have traditionally been taken care of manually by the game's admin via [GroupMe](https://groupme.com/). However, there is now also an option to have GroupMe Bots take care of the more mundane announcements. At game creation, admins can input their GroupMe access token and the id of the group they want the bot added to, allowing them to rest assured that announcements are taken care of even in the event they need to get some sleep. More information on GroupMe's REST API, including access tokens and bots, can be found [HERE](https://dev.groupme.com/). The [Request](https://github.com/request/request) library was used to perform the neccessary HTTP requests.
